Update install and support docs for latest release (#9673)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/docs-conceptual/install/Installing-PowerShell-on-Linux.md

---
description: Learn about the Linux distributions supported by PowerShell.
ms.date: 01/09/2023
title: Install PowerShell on Linux
---
# Install PowerShell on Linux

PowerShell can be installed on different Linux distributions. Most Linux platforms and distributions
have a major release each year, and provide a package manager that's used to install PowerShell.

> This article lists the Linux distributions and package managers are currently supported.

Reviewer: Suggest one of:
1. ```suggestion
   This article lists the Linux distributions and package managers currently supported for PowerShell.
   ```
1. ```suggestion
   This article lists the currently supported Linux distributions and package managers for PowerShell.
   ```
1. ```suggestion
   This article lists the Linux distributions and package managers that're currently supported.
   ```

Author: Fixed
